## README- Searching-Repeating-Pattern


### **BRIEF DESCRIPTION:**

  -	Basically we have datasets containing Timestamp & corresponding Energy Values. On generating the Visual Plot of the dataset with Timestamp on the X Axis & Energy Values on the Y Axis we get a Pattern. Our goal was to select any 2 particular Timestamp viz in the dataset, between these Timestamp's we have a Pattern enclosed and the Script will basically search for all the Timestamp Range which encloses similar pattern (any Timestamp Range will consist of 2 values: starting timestamp & ending timestamp).

  -	The Script also computes the Accuracy percentage of each Possible Timestamp Range, with each Timestamp Range enclosing a pattern similar to the selected one. Lets say for a particular Timestamp Range, the accuracy percentage for the pattern enclosed is 65%, then this actually means that the pattern is 65% similar to the pattern generated by selected Timestamp Range which was entered by user.

  -	**The Script tells about the following:**    
		      1.  **Accuracy Insights** ::  it represents the Mean , Upper Quartile & Median of Accuracy Values.  
		      2.  **Top 5 Accuracies**  ::  it represents the Top 5 Accuracy Percentages among all the Accuracy values along with their respective Timestamp Range.    
		      3.  **Average Value**     ::  it represents basically the Average. Top 5 Accuracies has several timestamp's ranges and within each range their are timestamp's at which value is recorded; so basically we are computing the average of the recorded values at each timestamp of different timestamp's ranges which are coming in the Top 5 Accuracies.     
		      4.  **All Accuracies**    ::  it represents All the Unique Accuracy Values sorted in Descending Order with each Unique Accuracy representing all the Timestamp Range where the same percentage of Accuracy exists.  
          
 
***NOTE :: It may happen that one particular accuracy percentage exists in more than 1 particular Timestamp Range.***  

***NOTE:: All the above Outputs are passed by the Script in JSON.***  


-------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------

### **PREREQUISITES:**


  - written for LINUX Server.
  - written in  Python 3.6 .
  - supporting packages required- pandas, numpy, statistics, json & sys. 


-------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------


### **CLIENT-END FULFILMENTS:**

The below format must be followed for the successful running of the script:  

1. File Path ::
   - it must be a CSV File Path.    
   - it must be passed in the second argument of sys.argv.
   
2. Input String ::
   - it must be passed in the third argument of sys.argv. 
   - it must be passed as as JSON String.
   - the JSON String, alternatively the dictionary data structure should have the following Key Names::   
    `a. start_timestamp :: should be in format- "DD-MM-YYYY HRS:MINUTES", eg. 05-01-2018 00:15`
    `b. end_timestamp   :: should be in format- "DD-MM-YYYY HRS:MINUTES", eg. 05-01-2018 00:15`  
    `c. graph_type      :: should be either 1, 2 or 3. [1. for Continuous Output, 2. for Discontinuous Output & 3. for Average of Timestamp's Output]`                       
    `d. slope_error     :: if 15% error then value of slope_error should be 0.15`  
    `e. point_error     :: if 15% error then value of point_error should be 0.15`  
    `f. slope_weightage :: slope_weightage + point_weightage = 1`  
    `g. point_weightage :: slope_weightage + point_weightage = 1`  
    `h. output_type     :: should be either 1, 2 or 3. [1. for Accuracy Insights, 2. for for Top 5 Accuracy & 3. for All Accuracies]`                         
                    							
   *** CAUTION: The above Key Names are case-sensitive, so use exactly as written above.***


3. Output String ::
   - it is passed as a JSON String.
   - basically the Output is User Choice Dependent. The User is given Choice of Selecting the Output Type. 
    - On selecting the Output Type as 1 , the User gets to see the Accuracy_Insights; irrespective of the Graph_Type.
    - On selecting the Output Type as 2 and Graph_Type as any but != 3, the User gets to see the Top 5 Accuracy with no Average Value. Here simply a dictionary of Top 5 Accuracy is returned. Top 5 Accuracy also contains the Timestamp Ranges.
    - On selecting the Output Type as 2 and Graph_Type as 3, the User gets to see the Top 5 Accuracy along with the Average Value.Both the values are passed into a list. So basically a List is returned with first index containing Top 5 Accuracy & second index containing Average Value. Top 5 Accuracy also contains the Timestamp Ranges.
    - On selecting the Output Type as 3, the User gets to see all the Accuracies with their Timestamp Ranges; irrespective of Graph_Type.
									
  
					

						
### **AUTHORS:**

  -	coded by AAYUSH GADIA.

   
					  
